Test/termination e2e tests (#1498)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: packages/valory/agents/register_termination/README.md

> # Register Reset ABCI Agent
> 
> This agent uses the registration and reset skills to debug the Tendermint issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Register Terminate ABCI Agent

This agent uses the registration and termination skills to test the termination feature.
```
